VersionDocumentation.md, before:

# Pokemon Challenges Alpha Build 0.3.5.7

Version numbers are created using the following system
a.b.c.d

- a = Major Number (1 would be final release)
- b = Minor Number (Significant changes or updates have been made)
- c = Build Number (Smaller changes to the site, nothing ground breaking)
- d = Revision Number (bug fixes or very minor changes)

### Goals for Beta Version (More updates coming soon)
- Full Styling for Tablet / Desktop versions
- ~~Create News Page to post about updates~~
- Add Nicknames to Pokemon
- Add option to mark Pokemon as starter
- Add statuses to Pokemon (ie: dead, alive)
- ~~Add Profile Images for users~~
- ~~Add Comment section to runs~~
- Add all main series Pokemon Games
- Add all Drayano hacks
- Add more featured sections to home page
- Update mobile menu icon
- ~~Add filter ability to game list (ie: only hacks, main games, side games)~~
- ~~Add stats to each game page~~
- ~~Add ability to delete your profile~~
- ~~Add additional run variations~~
- Add User Feedback page
- Add User ratings for games
- Add User notes section to Run

### Known Bugs
- ~~Fix issue with menu not always closing when moving to new page~~
- ~~News page isn't loading all posts~~
- Fix issue with Game Page filter showing items from unselected options

#### January 27, 2020 - 0.3.5.7
 - Continued development of the "Edit Pokemon" page. Should be fully functional in the next update

#### January 25, 2020 - 0.3.5.6
- Added new components for Editing a Pokemon to Main App

#### January 24, 2020 - 0.3.5.5
- Added additional games

#### January 23, 2020 - 0.3.5.4
- Added additional stats to each game page as well as the community page
- Removed common functions and placed into a seperate 'common.js' file
- Minor style updates
- Fixed News Page not showing all posts

#### January 23, 2020 - 0.3.4.4
- Styling updates for tablet view

#### January 22, 2020 - 0.3.4.3
- Added react-markdown package to client
- Continued development of the News page. It should be live in the next update
- Updated various npm packages with issues
- Minor styling changes for tablet view

#### January 20, 2020 - 0.3.4.2
- Fixed issue with mobile menu not closing when clicking outside of box or moving to new page
- Added template for news page

#### January 19, 2020 - 0.3.4.1
- Added link to user in comment
- Added minor styling to comments
- Fixed issue with comments sharing the same key

#### January 18, 2020 - 0.3.4.0
- Added the ability to leave comments on runs when logged in

#### January 17, 2020 - 0.3.3.2
- Added additional security features to the server

#### January 15, 2020 - 0.3.3.1
- Added Gen 5 Games to Database
- Added 'Delete Profile' button feature
- Added Placeholder data to front page for 'Highest Rated Game'

#### January 13, 2020 - 0.3.3.0
- Added ability to upload new profile picture
- Minor changes to styling on 'My Profile' page
- Added Sinnoh Games

#### January 12, 2020 - 0.3.2.3
- Added default profile picture to accounts

#### January 11, 2020 - 0.3.2.2
- Fixed error with images uploading to the wrong server folder
- Rewrote code on the backend to prepare for profile picture feature to be added

#### January 8, 2020 - 0.3.2.1
- Added ability to filter games on search page by Original or Hack as well as generation

#### January 7, 2020 - 0.3.1.1
- Added Generation 3 Games
- Added several new run variations

#### January 6, 2020 - 0.3.1.0
- Added Renegade Platinum as a game option
- Added Most Recent Game to front page
- Updated Pokemon model on server to allow for nickname, starter and status. Will be added to the front end soon so Pokemon can be updated by user

#### January 3, 2020 - 0.3.0.0
- Updated mobile styling for remaining pages

#### January 2, 2020 - 0.2.3.3
- Added the ability to Sign Up
- Updated styling of Signup Page and Run Page

#### December 30, 2019 - 0.1.3.2
- Added runs to User Profile page
- Updated styling of Game Page, Run Table and Login Page

#### December 29, 2019 - 0.1.2.1
- Added Wedlocke and Egglocke as variations

#### December 28, 2019 - 0.1.1.1
 - Pre-Alpha Version published. Beginning of update documentation

Commit message:

Completed Add Pokemon and Edit Pokemon pages

VersionDocumentation.md, after:

# Pokemon Challenges Alpha Build 0.3.9.9

Version numbers are created using the following system
a.b.c.d

- a = Major Number (1 would be final release)
- b = Minor Number (Significant changes or updates have been made)
- c = Build Number (Smaller changes to the site, nothing ground breaking)
- d = Revision Number (bug fixes or very minor changes)

### Goals for Beta Version (More updates coming soon)
- Full Styling for Tablet / Desktop versions
- ~~Create News Page to post about updates~~
- Add Nicknames to Pokemon
- Add option to mark Pokemon as starter
- Add statuses to Pokemon (ie: dead, alive)
- ~~Add Profile Images for users~~
- ~~Add Comment section to runs~~
- Add all main series Pokemon Games
- Add all Drayano hacks
- Add more featured sections to home page
- Update mobile menu icon
- ~~Add filter ability to game list (ie: only hacks, main games, side games)~~
- ~~Add stats to each game page~~
- ~~Add ability to delete your profile~~
- ~~Add additional run variations~~
- Add User Feedback page
- Add User ratings for games
- Add User notes section to Run

### Known Bugs
- ~~Fix issue with menu not always closing when moving to new page~~
- ~~News page isn't loading all posts~~
- Fix issue with Game Page filter showing items from unselected options
- Multiple Pokemon can be selected as a starter for a run

#### January 28, 2020 - 0.3.9.9
- Added a new Edit Pokemon / Add Pokemon Page
- You can now set nicknames, statuses for Pokemon and choose a starter

#### January 27, 2020 - 0.3.5.7
 - Continued development of the "Edit Pokemon" page. Should be fully functional in the next update

#### January 25, 2020 - 0.3.5.6
- Added new components for Editing a Pokemon to Main App

#### January 24, 2020 - 0.3.5.5
- Added additional games

#### January 23, 2020 - 0.3.5.4
- Added additional stats to each game page as well as the community page
- Removed common functions and placed into a seperate 'common.js' file
- Minor style updates
- Fixed News Page not showing all posts

#### January 23, 2020 - 0.3.4.4
- Styling updates for tablet view

#### January 22, 2020 - 0.3.4.3
- Added react-markdown package to client
- Continued development of the News page. It should be live in the next update
- Updated various npm packages with issues
- Minor styling changes for tablet view

#### January 20, 2020 - 0.3.4.2
- Fixed issue with mobile menu not closing when clicking outside of box or moving to new page
- Added template for news page

#### January 19, 2020 - 0.3.4.1
- Added link to user in comment
- Added minor styling to comments
- Fixed issue with comments sharing the same key

#### January 18, 2020 - 0.3.4.0
- Added the ability to leave comments on runs when logged in

#### January 17, 2020 - 0.3.3.2
- Added additional security features to the server

#### January 15, 2020 - 0.3.3.1
- Added Gen 5 Games to Database
- Added 'Delete Profile' button feature
- Added Placeholder data to front page for 'Highest Rated Game'

#### January 13, 2020 - 0.3.3.0
- Added ability to upload new profile picture
- Minor changes to styling on 'My Profile' page
- Added Sinnoh Games

#### January 12, 2020 - 0.3.2.3
- Added default profile picture to accounts

#### January 11, 2020 - 0.3.2.2
- Fixed error with images uploading to the wrong server folder
- Rewrote code on the backend to prepare for profile picture feature to be added

#### January 8, 2020 - 0.3.2.1
- Added ability to filter games on search page by Original or Hack as well as generation

#### January 7, 2020 - 0.3.1.1
- Added Generation 3 Games
- Added several new run variations

#### January 6, 2020 - 0.3.1.0
- Added Renegade Platinum as a game option
- Added Most Recent Game to front page
- Updated Pokemon model on server to allow for nickname, starter and status. Will be added to the front end soon so Pokemon can be updated by user

#### January 3, 2020 - 0.3.0.0
- Updated mobile styling for remaining pages

#### January 2, 2020 - 0.2.3.3
- Added the ability to Sign Up
- Updated styling of Signup Page and Run Page

#### December 30, 2019 - 0.1.3.2
- Added runs to User Profile page
- Updated styling of Game Page, Run Table and Login Page

#### December 29, 2019 - 0.1.2.1
- Added Wedlocke and Egglocke as variations

#### December 28, 2019 - 0.1.1.1
 - Pre-Alpha Version published. Beginning of update documentation
